I promise. I promise.
Ah hahahaha promised hahahaha
Ah!
You finally put me down to rest
Adults will be here soon
You'd better get him to come and kneel now
Watch me act for heaven
I will abuse as many scum as you have
King Shura is in charge of life and death
Who dares to make me kneel in the dark world
Who deserves me to kneel?
Lord Dragon King, please save me
This kid can't hit me
He dares to despise you
Quickly fix his lord into my purgatory
This will never be shameful
Haha, welcome to see Lord Xiu Dragon King depressed
He's sick. He didn't do it on purpose.
Please forgive him
Forgive him for hitting me just now
He also threatened to do justice for heaven
A king of the well
How sharp and bubbly the sky is
Dare to take the liberty of doing justice for heaven
Believe it or not, I only need to pour my head for the rest of my life to have a ruler
It will heal your god
But I just want to be drowned by you
Any way now
Say it well
I can't go without you
Then I'll pay you back next Qiuluoyue
So discipline Wu Fang
Give you a chance to handle it yourself